[BLOG] Recreate Diane's 'integrating Hypothesis into SymPy' blog post (#782)
Quansight/Quansight-website: apps/labs/posts/integrating-hypothesis-into-sympy.md

# What is Hypothesis?

> [Hypothesis](https://hypothesis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) is a Python library for creating unit tests which are simpler to write and more powerful when run, finding edge cases in your code you wouldn’t have thought to look for. It is stable, powerful and easy to add to any existing test suite.
> Now, let's test out the property above using Hypothesis:

```python
from hypothesis import given, strategies as st

@given(f = polys(), g = polys())
def test_degree(f, g):
    h = f * g
    assert h.degree() == f.degree() + g.degree()
```

Note, that here `polys()` is custom-built for sympy and generates a random polynomial with integer coefficients. It is not a built-in Hypothesis strategy.

### How Hypothesis Works

Give Hypothesis the types of inputs you are expecting using the _@given_ decorator and it will automatically generate examples using the _strategies_ module. It will then use these examples to test and report the minimal failing inputs (if any).

> Hypothesis is able to come up with interesting inputs using a combination of smart generation, guiding metrics, and feedback loops. For example, the built-in stategies like `integers()` have default behaviors tuned for common useful values. That is, while some inputs are random, it also tries to choose cases that commonly cause errors (like 0 or NaN). Hypothesis is _adversarial_ in the way it chooses inputs to test against your function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hypothesis is able to come up with interesting inputs using a combination of smart generation, guiding metrics, and feedback loops. For example, the built-in strategies like `floats()` have default behaviors tuned for common useful values. That is, while some inputs are random, it also tries to choose cases that commonly cause errors (like 0 or NaN). Hypothesis is _adversarial_ in the way it chooses inputs to test against your function.
```

1. Grammar fix
2. `floats()` is the better example, prob what Diane was going for.

Hypothesis comes with built-in strategy functions for common Python data types. In the example above, we accessed integers using `st.integers()`, but Hypothesis also gives you access to `floats()`, `booleans()`, `fractions()`, `dictionaries()`, and many more.

The full documentation for Hypothesis can be found [here](https://hypothesis.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) and for a nice and robust introduction, check out this video from [PyCon 2019](https://youtu.be/KcyGUVzL7HA?si=lglSRamsWsY1YLIR).

Overall, Hypothesis is great at finding bugs and in general, writing tests as high level properties keeps your code consistent.

### What Hypothesis is NOT

> - Hypothesis cannot test black boxes, machine learning systems, simulations of complicated systems, or code with lots of state (e.g., things which depend on a database or talk to a network etc.). Hypothesis must receive an understanding of the input and output behavior that can be easily modelled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It's tricky to test black boxes, machine learning systems, simulations of complicated systems, or code with lots of state (e.g., things which depend on a database or talk to a network etc.) with Hypothesis. Hypothesis must receive an understanding of the input and output behavior that can be easily modelled.
```
